.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

3.0.0 - June 20, 2024
=====================


.. only:: html

   .. contents::
        :local:
        :depth: 3

Compatibility
-------------

This version has been optimised for TYPO3 versions 12 and 13 and PHP >= 8.1.

Features
----------------

Site Set added
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

In TYPO3 v13, a new Site Set can now also be referenced as a dependency in the site configuration as an alternative to the static include in the template record.


Automatic Route Enhancer Configuration
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you do not have any special requirements for the Route Enhancer configuration, you no longer need to worry about this. The extension now automatically adds such a configuration.

Breaking changes
----------------

Radio buttons variant removed
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
The option to use the partner rating with a radio selection (previous default) was obsolete and has been removed without replacement. I'm sorry about that.

The ability to switch between multiple selection with checkboxes and single selection via radio caused a few more complicated problems with regard to Extbase use. As this extension was developed on behalf of a customer who only uses the multiple selection variant, single selection has been discarded for the time being for budget reasons.

The display now behaves by default as it did in previous versions if the constant `plugin.tx_partnerrating_pi1.settings.allowMultipleReasons = 1` was defined.

If you want the single selection with radio buttons back feel free to contact the developer `Eric Harrer <mailto:info@eric-harrer.de>`__ and request this functionality for v13 in a paid way.

All Changes
-----------
This is a list of all changes in this release: ::

    2024-06-20 !!![TASK] Remove deprecated single reason selection (radios) (Commit 07a4e09 by Eric Harrer)
    2024-06-20 [DOCS] Add Site Set usage in quick start guide (Commit 9d11d8f by Eric Harrer)
    2024-06-20 [FEATURE] Add configuration as Site Set (Commit 1edd451 by Eric Harrer)
    2024-06-20 [TASK] Add XLIFF labels for constants (Commit e5119ed by Eric Harrer)
    2024-06-20 [DOCS] Update target version information (Commit 6411f15 by Eric Harrer)
    2024-06-20 [DOCS] Add info about automatic route enhancer configuration (Commit 4f1fa2f by Eric Harrer)
    2024-06-20 [BUGFIX] Add missing nonce values for assets (Commit b67e26e by Eric Harrer)
    2024-06-20 Merge branch 'main' into 13 (Commit 7f37e17 by Eric Harrer)
    2024-06-20 [TASK] Set version number to v3.0.0 and add ChangeLog (Commit 219c85c by Eric Harrer)
    2024-06-20 [TASK] Update copyright information (Commit 4513583 by Eric Harrer)
    2024-06-04 Merge branch 'main' into 13.x (Commit a06a7e1 by Eric Bode)
    2024-06-04 [TASK] Add initial v12/13 compatible state (Commit 26a856c by Eric Bode)

This list has been created by using `git log $(git describe --tags --abbrev=0)..HEAD --abbrev-commit --pretty='%ad %s (Commit %h by %an)' --date=short`.
